many of the major players an IT are
jumping on the mobile bandwagon for
instance apple with its iPhone Microsoft
Windows Mobile HP buying palm and Acer
now making phones clearly they are
following the money as more consumers
spend more time on their handheld
devices and it could be the natural
progression from laptops netbooks and
tablets so no surprise to hear that Dell
this week introduced the streak a 5-inch
mid tablet Android device now in case
you were wondering what this mid tablet
category is all about well it was
created by del to give themselves a
space between tablets and smartphones so
let's go take a look at it let's start
with the hardware the dell streak has a
5-inch capacitive multi-touch wvga
display on the top is the audio out the
volume buttons the power keys then the
camera shutter button on the front of
the device there's a touch menu here on
the right-hand side this is the back
buttons menu and the home button on the
bottom is the 30 pin input for charging
and syncing the screen is made with
gorilla toughened glass and just to
illustrate how tough it is we took a
ballpoint pen to the screen and went mad
and it didn't even leave a single
scratch this model is red but Dell says
the phone will come in various colors
the dell streak runs on android 1.6
already an outdated OS but it's powered
by Snapdragon which is Qualcomm super
fast one gigahertz processor the 3g
touch screen comes with google live maps
and turn-by-turn navigation Twitter and
Facebook updated status widgets are
pre-loaded onto the device and YouTube
and the music player come pre integrated
and like all androids you can download
any apps from marketplace a cool feature
of the streak is the 5 megapixel dual
LED flash camera that lets you switch
between the front camera and the self
mode view
so you can take images of yourself you
can also switch to video mode where the
dual lens is perfect for video blogging
and conferencing in case you're
wondering how the picture quality looks
like on this device here's the bbc's
eastenders so that's all great but how
do you make a call on this gigantic
device just rotate it into phone mode
and there you go the phone comes with
two gigabytes of internal memory and is
expandable via a microSD cards up to 32
gigabytes capacity some say size matters
and in that case this five-inch freak of
a phone could offer better browsing
experience than your traditional 3.5
inch smartphones but personally it's a
bit too large for me I jump the google
nexus one last week in the video
smashing mobiles and that only has a 3.7
inch screen but this could be the phone
for people who have white pockets large
fingers failing eyesight or just a
conviction that normal phones have
gotten just too small the dell streak
will be out exclusively on the o2
network in the UK starting in june
thanks for watching press play i'm laila
mackay and see you next time
you